I really hate myself. 

The only thing she left behind was a note on the glass table in <s>our</s> my living room.

<i>I'm sorry but it's over. Don't look for me.</i>

She didn't even need a signature, I knew her writing, it was hers. You know, when you live with someone for so long and that someone just goes away a part of you dies. It felt really uncomfortable. I was a vulerable subject as well: not someone with a lot of acquaintances but quick to bond. And this was the moment when I started to despise myself. 

When I got hold of what was happening I started hyperventilating, I was seeing the word revolving around me at a tremendous speed, everything flashing and mixing, interosculate before my eyes; then I crumbled to the floor, my hands shaking, my face paralized in an agonizing cry with my mouth open to maximize the air intake. I couldn't move, my whole body was numb, and I was alone in this world clearly not made for me, overly antagonistic and evil; I was alone and no one was there to help, not that they could even if they wanted to. I could sense every single vein, I could hear them pulsate in the revolving reality that was my existence at that moment. Then, it ended.

It was clearly my fault, wasn't it? I couldn't see any other explanation at the time, so for the first few days I completely disappeared inside myself, deataching myself from a reality that was trying to enclose me, since it was something I didn't need and actively despised in that moment. 

Hundred of flashes, images, polaroids in my mind, depicting all the possible reasons she could've done that. All of the things I said, or did, or thought, everything that could've influenced such instant termination of our relationship. Two days earlier we were shopping for a new camera, one of those small, digital ones that she saw on an advert online, with nothing that could've predicted what was to come. 

Then, slowly, came the acceptance. Her phone was unreachable, she was offline on every social media, completely gone from my plane of being. I didn't want to wait her at home, she asked not to search for her and her will, for me, was sacred, like the will of a deceased. Also because, in a sense, that's all she was for me.

I slowly started actively erasing memories of her, things that made me sad, things that made me happy. Every thought that actively involved her had to be gone. Useless to say I didn't do a very good job.

I didn't have any attacks and the months passed by, slowly regaining a stability that I never thought would be possible. She was gone, but so was I. The years with her really took a toll on me, and someone external to this might think I was overreacting. But at the time, for me, that was the only possible course of action. 

I stopped talking to my mother, not that I was doing it a lot before but let's say she noticed that. Not having anymore a stable income now was a problem. I found a part time job at a seven-eleven nearby and that was it, no more luxury (not that I needed it). 

Luckily my best friends were still waiting me at home. Listening to Steve Reich was a pleasure I couldn't give away, and not only a pleasure but something so simply engrained in my very own being that without them it would be something akin to un-living and simply existing.

After six more months I decided that I had enough, that I had the right to know. I had the right to ask her what happened and what was my part in all of this.

So I drove to her home.